Sun Jumper 1.0.0


This file will be used to give any information regarding
playing the game, whether it would be controls or
how the game elements work. This file will be updated
with each progress update with new information each time.

Sunny: They are controlled with W, A, and D. The S
button will be given functionality in the future.
W is to jump, A is to go to the left, and D is to go to
the right. If you press the spacebar, the player will 
swing their sword, and it will create a white slash
in front of them, and will defeat most enemies that it
touches.

The Bwaller: They will attempt to block
you from progressing, and will copy your jumps at the
exact moment you make them. They will also follow you,
whether it would be from the left or right. If you get
hit by the enemy, you will respawn either at the original
spawn location, or at a checkpoint flag.

The Flag: Flags like this one will serve as checkpoints 
throughout the game, all one must do to unlock that 
checkpoint is to touch it. This will make it so whenever
you get hit by an enemy, you will always respawn at that 
checkpoint flag.

The Cloud: Clouds are a type of platform that will be seen
heavily in the game, it serves as a regular platform when 
jumped on, but when jumping off a cloud, it will disappear.
There are plans to have different types of clouds, symbolized
by their color.

The Life Counter: At the top left corner of the screen,
there is a counter with a number next to it. This will show
you how many lives you have. The default amount of lives you
will have will be 3. In the future, there will be an item that
will add lives to the counter. Once you run out of lives, you
will get a GAME OVER. In this state, none of the controls will
operate, nothing will move, and in order to get out of this
state, you will have to refresh the game.

The Frostbird: A basic type of enemy, they simply just walk 
horizontaly from left to right, and touching them will make you
take damage. They can be taken out by the sword.

The Eggbot: Neither an enemy nor a platform, if you touch this,
you will be launched very high into the air, which is higher
than you could go with the Spring powerup. You can use this
to reach higher up areas you couldn't reach normally.

The Wingleaf: This is a powerup that allows you to stay in the
air longer, not by jumping higher, but by being able to jump
further.